---
layout: post
title: DeckRND
date: 2025-10-28
categories: ["Welcome", "Projects", "Upcoming"]
---

# Welcome!

Thanks for taking a look at the site, I've been wanting to start coding in public for a long time now.
Things are a bit sparse at the moment, but I have a couple big projects planned, as well as a goal to take on a few small projects on the side, and I'll be keeping track of all that here 😊

## A bit about me

I've been a professional software engineer since 2021, and worn a few different hats in that time. I've worked in T3 support doing about everything you can imagine in a massive platform that managed an insane amount of information. I've lead a team through greenfield development on a project with loose guidelines and looser interpretations of done- and I've taken on traditional software development, working on projects that have tied all my knowledge and experience together in ways I never imagined.

Lately, I've found that I have a lot of room to grow. Through all these experiences, I've picked up a lot- but there are a thousand solutions to every problem, and I've only seen a few solutions so far. All this has made me realize that I'm at my best when I'm actively learning and building new things. I want to try to solve problems, then learn about how others have solved them to gather even better insights. I want to build things that someone might actually use, even if I'm the only "someone." It feels more valuable to build something and fail than it does to dream about building something and never even start.

Besides coding, I collect hobbies like trading cards. I have loved Magic for years, been gaming for as long as I can remember, tinkering on computers since kindergarten, and more recently picked up fishing, hiking, camping, and, of course, knitting and crochet (it's just so zen!). I'm sure I'll find something new soon, and add it to the stack of things I would love to do if I only had more time 😉 For now, I'm trying to focus on getting some projects off the ground and actually deployed- and that should keep me pretty busy for the next 6 months at least!